now with Joey its origin and today I'm
going to talk about the fighter plans
it's a very common and very popular
health plan if you hear some noise in
the background it's the fans and the
cooling system in the greenhouse were up
in um three nozzles up in Kansas it has
though it's a little noisy in the
background this fan like medium light to
Tron light it at the lights low it's a
loose is variation and you want to give
it a Burridge's shutters water you want
to water it about once every one to two
losses it can go dry but it is a
preferred to have some water and you can
see that ever ever Newton all these
thinking is wonderful babies that are
all actually at baby plan and here's one
in here so I could show you the baby
right in there and if the mother plant
gets too many of these baby time you
want to take it off take them off is it
that lot of energy out of out of the
mother plant and drip attack without the
only thing I really seen up with is on
nearly bugs and tail so they're the only
fully to thing but Nick cakes you know
hanging plants but sometimes people have
it on our table but it said you have as
many babies on it I thought makes a nice
it makes a nice display and these spider
plants are especially good at cleaning
the air they take the bad stuff out of
our air and it release oxygen and that's
what we want there there are nature's
air purifiers and this is one of the
books that I'm sorry one other plants
that in our house plant block plus like
care book use your house prints alive
I'll leave the link for that down below
if you want to get the book and find out
more about these plants and they are
very easy to propagate and just put the
baby right
in the pot you can either cut it off at
become some moves you can either cut it
off or you can leave the leave it in
your minutes a cast right on the mother
plant there be sure to visit us at
joyous Gard League uh-huh
there will be a video waiting for you
next week both come back again and thank
you so much for watching bye